9/21/2025 06:50 Expression @ Home
Today is Universal. Mythic Jer. Abundant Jer. Anointed Jer. Sovereign Jer. These are the versions that I call into form as an initiation of self every morning as the first thing that I do (I scrolled for 20 minutes just now…dangit lol). They are the version that I choose to be every day. A place of operation and being. Mythic is presence as currency and resource - the ability to show up to every interaction with full presence and attention. Abundant is presence as the most unlimited thing on this earth that every human has the ability to give away freely. Because of how freely it was given to me. Anointed is the steward of presence. The one that carries it to those that still suffer. Sovereign is presence embodied - through healthy boundaries, structure, and self-mastery - under God, by God, for God. Universal is the integrator of it all. The gravity holding everything together. These are the modes I choose every day. And weirdly enough…it’s actualizing. my life feel likes a mythic version of the person I used to be. This version that is alive in front of you is someone that I used to DREAM of becoming. A far cry from the person I once was. A mythical creature that I was chasing. Trying to find and trying to become so bad. I had a vision in my head of this man and sure it doesn’t look quite like this but I’ve only been in this full loop for 27 days. What happens after a year of this loop? Is the loop sustainable? All I have to do it for is just for today. Just for today. That’s all I have to do this for. And when I wake up tomorrow. I just have to do it for today. That’s it. Just for today.

Last night we got to listen to a speaker speak at the NA meeting. I think I’m almost ready to speak. I think I’m almost ready to get up there and to just fill space for an hour. What do I talk about? I talk about my story arc. The story of going dark and having to go towards the light. From beginning to end. You qualify and then talk about the steps. Talk about how you apply them. Do not say you, use inclusive language. You are already doing it pretty regularly in the meeting every night. That’s why you like the morning meetings. Less people, more time to talk. And you fill that time really easy - or it feels easy. I don’t know. Recovery just spews out of you. You’re a walking message for anyone willing to receive. And that’s valuable as fuck. Zack has a decent little story. Man I had a really good share in the room the other day. It was so good. Lol I like when I can make people laugh because of my emotion and the realness behind my share. And people just sense that it’s coming from a good place and that I’ve worked through it or am working through it live. Lol it was really good. I am so happy about that share. Geez. The room needed that. The room needed that. I needed that. I needed to see myself in that space doing that exact thing. Using the room to process my emotions and to process my whole day that had me fucked off. it’s such a good story of the arc of recovery. Instead of the arc of addiction. Happening all in one day. Because that’s all we addicts have is just for today. Today is all we have. And that story is the epitome of recovery. When everything feels so wrong inside of me and all I want is some relief and to get my needs met. And obviously I’m a drug addict so my head leans into using drugs to get my needs artificially met. Because that’s all drugs do. They trick my brain into thinking my needs get met because they emotionally detach me from a situation. So I don’t have to feel what it is I’m actually feeling. But no. this day was different. I decided to not use and I decided to work my program instead. And fuck. It works. It worked so well. I’m sitting here crying thinking about it. And fucking hell. I’m so proud of myself. I’m so proud that I don’t get to turn to anything  except towards myself. And I turn inward and I fill myself up from the inside out. Through writing. Through step work. Through sharing with a room full of people. Fuck this shit works. This shit fucking works bro. Like I don’t know what else to say than that. And all I want to do is share this message of recovery to those that are willing to listen. Have this funny and emotional story about my day and how all I wanted to do was use at some point in my day and the craving got really strong and that voice got really strong. Man. Against all odds…I didn’t use. What a fucking miracle, right? What a fucking miracle. I just reread my entry from the other night where I got to vent out about how I was feeling and wow…it makes me cry. It’s like a full arc of resentment and anger and despair right into gratitude and it changed how I felt immediately. Wow. You can see how it feels. That’s a good one to publish. Becuse it lands so good with me and resonates with me. Others will maybe feel it too. even if it only helps me - that’s enough. Because that’s who it’s intended for. Wow.

Yesterday was such a good day. I got to do everything that I strive to do everyday. I filled and finished a full loop. Writing 1000s of words (4044 words), built a RAG system + LLM inference in 2 hours, got to be a service to Matt and help him with his parent’s computer for 2 hours, climbed at the gym for 2 hours, rested at home for 3-4 hours, went to a recovery meeting for an hour. Fully clean. I felt so full last night. And I got to really talk to GPT about the rarity of my life. How my loop makes me one in millions. MILLIONS. WITH A S. And I’ve only been living this full loop honestly for 27 days. And the results are unreal. They feel unreal. It’s because I was building this loop one thing at a time. I had to understand what building a system felt like for 6 months for 10 hours a day - even weekends. And in that 6 months I had a loop but it wasn’t what I was actually wanting and striving for. Something felt off and it was the cannabis use. I was still using rosin. so my whole loop was dampened. I was only walking - wasn’t even climbing back then. I’ve grown exponentially in the last 3 months by introducing the climbing gym - and working really hard to get myself to a point that I feel proud of. That matches how I feel inside. Projecting black climbs. It feels so good to be there. So i’ve had to iteratively add things to my life to find true balance. But I find that balance by unbalancing my whole life by leaning into something really hard. So like the first half of this year I was unbalanced because I was learning to build systems with an AI-first mindset. 10 hours a day. Then I moved the computer to Larkspur. And I built for maybe a week or two and then we did the hackathon and I got to showcase my skills. And boom it felt really validating. I felt like that was a graduation of sorts. I had found climbing during that time too. I was injured from climbing during the hackathon lol. And then I stepped away from the computer and into the climbing gym. I had to get really good at climbing I felt. That shit doesn’t happen over night though. That shit takes actual time and effort and energy and persistence and determination. And boom. Around day 70 I sent my first black! And then from there I’ve just been sending them. I am working on my 4th black send right now and it feels so validating. And yesterday I got to put it all together. I got to put it all together. Through waking up and just going about what felt right to me. I have options now…do I go build for a couple of hours or do I go to the climbing gym? Lol do I go home to rest or do I build? And the most amazing part about yesterday…I was fully led. Like I built the RAG and as I’m finishing it, Matt sends me a text to bring me to the plaza district for 2 hours to help him diagnose his parent’s computer, and as I’m finishing that, I get a mesage from Jay and she was letting me know she was headed to the gym to climb. Did that for 2 hours. Got to connect with someone I’m attracted to and she’s well beyond 22 in her soul. You can just feel it in how present she is. then went home and relaxed on the couch and watched football and ate some food and killed 12 flies that came from no where lol. Was at home for about 3 hours. And 7:30 rolls around and it’s time to go to a meeting. Not even to share. TO LISTEN .to be present for the speaker. And even got a piece of pizza out of the whole thing and 2 cookies! Lol. Damn. What a day. and today…I get to see where God takes me. I get to see what happens. I know that I’m going to get up and stop typing soon. Cook breakfast: oatmeal, egg, and toast + peanut butter. Get dressed and head to church for the early service. I might even stay for the 10:45 service too. Who knows. Who knows. I’m just going to do what feels right. I think I do not work or gym today unless I am called to do so. I think I trust God to lead me in a really awesome way. And I’m listening God. I’m listening. I’m following. I’m here. Yesterday was so magical in timing. I just cannot get over how perfectly timed the text messages were. I honeslty wasn’t even goin gto climb but getting a text from Jay definitely pulled me into the gym’s orbit. And I’m so grateful for it! And I got to shake her boyfriend’s hand yesterday which feels kind of weird but it also helps me respect the whole dynamic. But she spent time climbing with me. It’s weird for him to come into the gym and watch her for a bit. I wonder if I make men feel insecure. Lol because of how I live. And I bet Jay probably talks about me. And I know how it feels to have your really attractive girlfriend talk about other men. You just have to show that you aren’t feeling insecure even if you are. Lol but that’s not the way to approach it, is it? You should be able to speak to her about your insecurity - not to change her behavior because she’s perfect the way she is - but to express. Maybe you don’t talk to her about it and you find a professional or someone you trust to talk to about it. Because what happens? Well a good girlfriend would give you validation and reassurance that she’s actively choosing you. So stay secure my man. Jordan should definitely feel secure about himself. But I only know what he looks like and his build and his physical stature…and when I saw him yesterday and shook his hand…I thought to myself: bro you don’t have to worry about me. You’re way more physical and bigger than me and more muscular than me. Lol but he probably can’t hold tension on a wall like I can. he probalby can’t hold his weight on the wall as well as I can. He’s deifnitely not as lean as I am. He’s more bulky and traditional weight lifter shaped. I’m climbing shaped. There’s more to it. And my brain. I have to remember my brain is my true X factor. And the loop I’m living in. and tbh I’m not trying to compare to him. I’m just framing this whole thing in a realistic way. Becasue Jay has to feel some attraction to me, right? Even if it’s not romantic feelings yet. There’s still a level of attraction and resonance that she feels with me or else I wouldn’t be in her orbit, right? The gravity of my life maybe is what’s gravitating her towards me. I have no intention of trying to be romantic with her but I know if that door opens, I’d be right there to receive it and to be fully present with her. Keep matching her energy. It’ll be OK jerry. Just keep matching her energy. SHE TEXT YOU YESTERDAY TO LET YOU KNOW SHE WAS CLIMBING. SHE THEN INVITED YOU TO THE COMEDY THING NEXT DOOR AND SAID “you’d love it”. SO SHE DEFINITELY LIKES YOUR PRESENCE. SHE LIKES HAVING YOU AROUND. Is she just being nice? I don’t know. I don’t need her to just be nice to me. I don’t need to be included in stuff but I will gladly respect the invitations by showing up. Especially with climbing. I don’t know if I’m necessarily ready to be third wheel to her and her boyfriend. Now if I had a little climbing mama to bring with me…that’s a different story!!!! I’d love to be friend with them in that regard. YES YES YES. That sounds like fun. I would love that. Lol. Just cool to see her feel my attraction and invite me to stuff. And at least she’s transparent to her boyfriend about who she’s climbing with. And she probably tells him: just meet him (talking about me). It’ll be ok. i don’t know. I don’t know. Just a weird experience right now. I’ve never been this guy on this side of things. I’ve been Jordan for sure. I’ve been the guy that has the girlfriend that talks about another man in your presence. But we have to remember that she’s doing that because she trusts that you’re not going to flip the fuck out over it lol. What a weird dynamic. She’s not doing it to make you feel jealous. She’s just genuinely excited to meet similar people in life. But males and females connect because of mutuality in something - attraction and activity. That’s my experience anyway. It’s such a weird one to talk about and talk through. I just don’t know. This is one that’s new to me. I cannot be surprised when people are messaging me and wanting to hang out. Lisa is a prime example. Lisa is just passive aggressive lol she will ask about the activity and wait to be invited. I guess that makes sense becasue it is MY activity at the end of the day. but she expressed interest in it and I immediatley shot an invitation to her. Ashleigh Vogle too. she sent me a message a couple of weeks ago asking to go to dinner. this woman is married bro. and she’s seeking me out. what’s that about? I don’t care. I don’t want to do the analysis. I will just be here and be available and present. I definitely did not text Ashleigh about anything. She reached out to me completely. jsut so weird to see the tables kind of turning because of my social media posts. I am this weridly attractive person now because I’ve built an attractive life. I never see myself like this becasue I’m just me. I’m just me. I don’t see myeslf as attractive becasue I have to look at this ugly mug every day in the mirror. I have to listen to my own voice. I have to walk in my own shoes every day. lol so it feels so normal and boring and not a big deal. but weirdly enough, the results are showing themselves. but I don’t want a woman that’s in a relationship, I want one that’s available. I want one that’s resonant and not seeking to change how they feel by sendign jerry a message to hang out and getting the validation in the moment that jerry thinks I’m cool to hang out with. and usually they let it just pass away. becasue feelings are temporary. and people use other people to get out of their feelings. lol they probably don’t mean it…until they keep coming back, right? if they keep coming back then there’s maybe more to explore there. even if its repeated messages until finally one lands and the commit to a dinner or a hang out. Lisa is a prime example here. Same with Jay. Jay especially. Just staying in my loop and letting energies gravitate to me. I do not try to seek any more. I maintain boundaries too. esepcially with women in relationships. is hanging out with opposite sex while your’e in a relationship a form of emotional cheating? I kind of feel yes it is…but it’s not my thing, right? I’m not in a relationship. I’m not doing anything wrong. I can’t help if they want to hang out with me, can I? no. ah this one is really dificult to work through becasue it’s a new dynamic for me. I am strong enough and healthy enough to steward this responsbility though. to just be present with females and to not make moves and to not impose myself on to them. and to not seek out a woman in a relationship. but fuck if someone needs a pretty side piece, I’d happily abide lol especially when I’m single. lol I’ll totally be that man because I know I can steward it repsonsbly. I can undestand that being an attractive male comes with these types of interactions. weird.

And there are the thousands of words today. I gotta get up and get ready for church which is a great reason for me to stop typing and to go about my day. Grateful for God. Grateful for love. Grateful for Recovery. Grateful for food in my belly, clean water to drink, and a shelter over my head. Grateful for this beautiful earth that I get to walk on and grateful for this pure air that I get to breath. Grateful for two God given feet and two God given lungs to do that with. Grateful for work family: Kyle/Morgan/donny/justice/matt/Antonio/Luke/Brian/Dylan/Vell/Tyler/Joe/jared/Scott/Sarah/kris/Madeline/shelia/Andrea. Grateful for blood family: mom/Tony/Johnny/lindsey/cam/milan/butch/vanielle/van/Danny/Daniel/Diana/Henry/susy/Ronald/Vincent/viola/Michelle/Ashley/quincie. Grateful for climbing family: Evan/tj/Sean/Henry/kale/karic/christian/cory/colby/dane/Elijah/Ethan/rhyan/Jordan/Adam/Daniel/Cole/Jay/Bre/Ashley/Erica/Steven. Grateful for Market family: chi/viv/Steven/carmen/cassie/Danielle/Hannah/Alan/johna/gavin/joy. Grateful for recovery family: arica/lane/Steven/adina/gene/Doug/David/daran/heather/terri/Joe/katt/trey/halle/zack. Grateful for this continued opportunity we call life. GRATEFUL FOR TODAY. THANK YOU GOD AMEN!
