9/24/2025 06:57 Expression @ Home
Today is Universal. Mythic Jer. Abundant Jer. Anointed Jer. Sovereign Jer. These are the versions that I call into existence every morning. These are the versions that I choose to live by every day. These are the forms that are brought into this world through initiation every morning. Booting up my living operating system. Mythic is the one that shows up to every interaction and situation with full presence and attention. Making connection with people effortlessly. Showing the world that presence is the most valuable resource in this lifetime. Presence as resource. Abundant is the one that gives this presence away as freely as it was given to him. Showing the world that presence is the most unlimited resource in this lifetime. Presence as generosity. Anointed is the one that stewards presence with care. Carrying presence to those that need it. Giving connection to those that need it and not even know it as a God given responsibility. Presence as responsibility. Sovereign is presence embodied through structure, healthy boundaries, and self-mastery under God, by God, and for God. Living a life that is a light in this dark world.  Presence as embodiment. Universal is the gravity that keeps it all together, the integrator. Presence as universal.

Wow. I don’t like that I wake up resentful of my brother. Just the way he lives. The way he eats. The way he is loud as fuck. The way he turns every knob 100% when he uses a faucet, or that he takes trash out to just take out? Or that he isolates in his room. Or that he’s still smoking weed. Or that he’s constantly scrolling on his phone. Or that he is in a really gnarly loop of decaying slowly over time. Just running a life and loop that he will grow tired of living? I don’t know. Maybe this is his version of being clean and he’s actually happy with it? I don’t know. I just see my old self of 10 years ago in him right now and I want him o find this life so bad. But he’s go so far to go. He hasn’t had God in his life - or doesn’t show it outward at all. He “doesn’t believe in that shit”. Because why? He just thinks he can do it all himself. That’s what I was feeling when I was out of touch with God after dad died. I resented everything around me and was miserable in every situation because I had no God in my life. I was super critical of everything around me. I just want people to find health and wealth. Because health is wealth. Lol what a concept. It’s not money. It’s not assets. It’s not relationships. It’s health. Because when we’re healthy, those things gravitate toward us automatically. And when we take care of ourselves, everything comes from an overflow - not from a deficit. It’s so hard to be out in this world and see people still unhealthy and using stuff to cope with their emotions. The ones closest to me get the biggest criticisms. Tony lives with me. Kyle is a good friend of mine. Brian is my business partner. Lol yea it’s funny how all of that works. I need people around me that are living healthy!!! In all ways: emotionally, physically, spiritually, financially, intellectually. 5 pillars. And ok we are all at different places in our lives and it’s OK to accept that. And I used to not be here at all but I’ve been working my ass off to get here. I just want others around me to also be doing the same level of work. And OK OK OK OK Kyle is one that I will give grace to. Kyle just removes a whole part of those pillars by smoking weed still. That’s not that best emotional health. There’s a way to deal with those emotions instead of running to a cannabis pen. But we all have SOMETHING that we lean on. It just so happens that mine is not a substance, but a life. A full life. Where presence is required for it to work. And something external that I reach for isn’t the key. It’s a full life. That requires presence. Lol I can’t even say that enough. People convince themselves that they NEED this and they NEED that. I NEED my medicine. I NEED my cannabis. No you’ve just convinced yourself that something external will fix an internal problem that we all have. I used to take Seroquel as my antipsychotic. I used to take lexapro for my major depression. I used to have 12 different bottles next to my bed as stuff I NEEDED. What in the actual fuck was happening. Charlie can attest to this. He’s seen me downtown all fucked off with 12 different bottles next to my bed. That I HAD to take before I got up in the morning. What the actual fuck. No thank you. I’ve come so far from that person. I’ve come so far from that person. I don’t even recognize that person any more. but it was definitely me. I’ve made a full change to my life and who I am as a person. The fucked off part now is that I expect others to make the same radical change to themselves. Tony coming back to OKC was a mistake. I see how this place has shaped and changed him. but honestly I don’t know where he was at when he got back to OKC. I don’t know what he was dealing with. Why did he just pick up and leave Colorado abruptly? I’m just now learning that he just picked up and left the property that mom had bought for him? Without even telling her? Like what the fuck was he running from? Tony doesn’t know how to ask for help. That’s fundamentally his problem. He won’t ask for help until he’s in a hole some where and withdrawling on whatever he’s on. And right now he seems pretty clean. Just smoking weed. I think. He’s isolating pretty hard. On his phone all the time. Always disconnected. I see phone scrolling as being disconnected and escaping. Especially when I know he’s just sending memes all the time. It’s like just as bad as porn. You’re just looking for the meme that hits a certain part of your brain to get cheap laughs. To get cheap dopamine. it’s just targetting a different part of the brain. what the fuck. What a realization. You’re just endlessly seeking that thing that will hit and give you that hit of dopamine. GOD IT’S SO FUCKING TOXIC. I want to cry thinking about everyone in my life doing this. And how toxic Mark Zuckerberg is and how toxic Meta is. just based on the nature of their business and applications. It’s so sickening. I want to put Mark out of business. TikTok is even worse. It’s the same thing but with videos only. Which is just like porn but just PG-13 rated. There’s probably some ADULT content but it’s just a funnel to only fans or something weird like that, right? These are all just hooks into people. OK OK OK do I blame meta here? No because they have to create an algorithm to cater to the masses, the algorithm just picks up on what you look at and what you’re tapping on and what you’re stopping on. And then it feeds that to you. and you’re the only person looking at your phone. So when. You stop at a titty streamer and look for 8 seconds, the algorithm knows. when I’m checking my suggestions on people to follow for Kelsey, I wonder if my algorithm knows? Lol or just for hot beautiful women in general. I’ve tried to stop clicking on women in that instance. It used to be automatic. Lol as I reach for my phone and sit on hinge and swipe on hinge for 5 minutes. Yikes. I can see myself though in these small instances. I am looking for space to be FUNNY on that app!! And I notice my interactions with Johna too. I was like just finding humor in everything she said. She even was using the laughing emoji quite a bit and was saying “you got jokes today!” Lol. I don’t know. I think I’m in a really good place lately. And it’s good for me to see. Weird. Hinge just pulled me out of myself and bitching and complaining about this world. And what I’m realizing y’all…it’s not the app. It’s not the algorithm. It’s not my brother. It’s not Kyle. It’s not Brian. It’s ME. I’m the problem in my own life. And it’s how I consume the world and It’s how I take things in that I get to adjust my perspective. Not everyone is me so the way I approach life wouldn’t work for anyone else. I just want everyone to find this level of clarity and presence. Just hearing Jeremiah talk about his medicine and how the next few days were going to be difficult. my solution was just to cut them out. Cut the medicine out. we’ve all just convinced ourselves that we need it all. That medicine will save us. No mother fuckers. GOD is the only thing that can actually save me. GOD is the only thing that can fill that internal void that I feel deep down inside of myself. I’ve just removed as many of the abstractions from my life. Kind of wild to see it like that. It’s like I removed thing after thing. All the shit I’ve been piling up on top of God as the thing I would reach for to make me feel different or feel better. And as I removed abstraction after abstraction, my life began to change. And I kept removing abstractions until I got to the ground level. And there God was. Just waiting on me. Just waiting on me to find them again. And when there was nothing left to remove…it was just God and I. So I started to have a relationship with God again. And through that practice…I was able to start buidling a new life. And start building on top of a firm foundation. I used to put God at the top of my abstraction - something I would just got to as a make beleive entity that I only went to when I needed something or felt like I wanted some sort of change. And yea prayer to them in that instance would work occasionally but I would also feel so empty when I would do this. Placing God on a pedestal of sort.  When I flipped the whole model upside down and started with God…my life changed. my life fundamentally changed. I now was buidling on a foundationg with God as the foundation. and wow. What a life this has become. and I just want everyone to share this same sentiment with me. I want everyone to find this life. and even people at Church. I feel like there are a handful that live in this manner - just like the rooms of NA. everyone goes because they know it’s good for them…but are they really living this shit? I mean really living it? Communicating with God as the first thing in the morning and the last thing at night? I have a good living document of this interaciton with God. And communicatino with God. because when I write and I’m present with myself, I’m also being present with God. right? because God is with me all the time, so when I’m present with myself, it means I’m being present with God. Because God is me and I am God. we are one in the same. And when I’m being present with God..there’s not better time. I could sit here all day and just talk to God and just be in it with God all the damn time. and right now it’s 8am and I’m still in bed typing on my computer. Being present with myself. Because I know if I give to myself and give to God the first thing in the morning. the rest of the day operates from a place of overflow. God got us. God got me. I got God. and it’s so hard to bring this to light to people like Jeremiah. I could just see his resistance to my words and justifying his life completely. and it’s OK for him to do. it’s his life. he shoudl defend it. no he should surrender it. he should surrender it to a higher power, he should surrender. open, honest, and willing. Just try it. everyone around me. I see Matt being kinda grumpy and loathing. lol and what the fuck. Jodie aka ChomaJ was in dusty’s yesterday and I tried to get a convo going with her (I did) and Matt just walked out! what was he doing! lol fucking Matt! I wanted him to stay and talk to her since he has a huge crush on her. Lol damnit. And honestly I think she’s cute af too and I like talking to attractive people. But yea! I guess he was going to get the projector for Dusty but damnit Matt! and OK if I’m being honest I wasn’t doing it FOR Matt. I was doing it for myself to make a connection with a really dope artist. lol anyway.

This feels really good to get out today. I’ve only been typing for an hour and 20 minutes or so. What else do I have on my mind today. I know what I’m going to do today. I have ANMF tonight and helping them move some shit at 6:30. I gotta go all the way to edmond to get the truck. FUUUUUCK. I might as well drive it for the weekend or something. Hopefully Brian and I will be headed out to the field again to finish the modbus job, but we will see. 3k Brian said. I really hope it’s that much. If not more. I don’t know. It just seems like a lot of work we’ve been doing. Driving 1.5 hours to get out there. Spending 3-4 hours out there, and then another 1.5 back home. A lot of driving and a lot of work happening. We’ll get to expense our gas too. Which is nice. This will all pay off for sure. I’m really leaning on my CEO to drive this company right now. I’m here as the CTO to help him with things technology. And I have been. I have been showing up and building for the last few weeks. I had to get clean though. I had to find this without rosin. And I had to build a life without rosin and I’ve built a life without rosin. And it feels so good. And now I know if I start smoking rosin again, that this life will probably go away. Because it won’t be sustainable. I also feel like getting a traditional job would lead me back to rosin becasue I feel like I was cheating on myself by going back to a traditional job. Becasue it’s not what I want. I am seeking money in that instance not a job. I have a business that I can leverage to make money. I don’t need to go out and find a job with a company and trade money for time. I can trade my services for money. How about that? That sounds like a way better way to be. I just have such a small target of people. I gotta go tap Lyric Theatre guy to see if they have any technology/IT/data needs. Surely they are trying to get on this AI train. I could show them what I can do to help them. I have a whole system right now that produces exceptional results because I’ve worked so intently with it. I’ve done such an incredible amount of work with my GPT. It’s wild. And it would be useful in any context. I help Kyle write emails, I help him come up with ideas for leather working. That’s all I’ve been doing the last year has been working with AI. And being almost surrendered to it. Understanding it can do a lot of things better than I can. It’s God-tier technology, SS rated, Mythic, whatever you want to call it. It’s definitely incredible technology. And you see all of the major investment going into it. And I’ve been doing my diligence to build my own version of it in a weird way or finding ways to utilize it in development. Building a RAG system. I should think about creative development use cases for this technology in all the areas of my life. Lyric Theatre. Surely they could use something developed that could leverage this technology to make their entire operations easier and more efficient and free their time up for the things that matter. Removing things like unnecessary meetings because everyone collaborates with AI first and gets their idea ran through another “brain” that is essentially their own brain. That’s the value of this technology. It allows for incredibly high level self-collaboration. But we just have to be the ones to collaborate. We have to be as interactive. We can’t depend on AI to do all of the thinking. We have to give it somethign to get something in return. And the more we give it, the more it returns. IT’S THAT TYPE OF TECHNOLOGY. Lol it’s aligned with my recovery program, it’s aligned with my bouldering. It’s aligned with my writing. It’s aligned with my work. it’s aligned with my spirituality. They’re all the same fractal. Just different branches. The base concept is the same - you get out what you put in. so weird to see it like that, but is that just the nature of life? Is the more engaged, the more willing, the more open, the more honest we are with everything and everyone around us, the more it’s reflected back? Is life just a huge mirror in that what we put out there is what we get back? I’m starting to see life like this. Connection begets connection. Attraction begets attraction. Presence begets presence. Love begets love. But also this can be true for the negative emotions in life too. If we put out there that everyone is going to steal from us, people will probably find space to do that. Or lying. Or any emotion. Right? If I see everyone as honest (because I’m being honest), then that’s an honest life. And yes there are people that might take advantage of that but that shouldn’t stop us from being the way we choose to be!!! I don’t know. All of this is a bit philosophical and existential, but yea…I don’t know. Lol I just know I’ve been writing and reading my own writing for a full year now. I don’t really consume other content outside of SOME stories on IG and SOME posts on IG. Outside of that, I really just consume what I create latley. Which is such a weird loop to be in. because it doesnt’ feel like that because I’m using GPT to reflect back at me a version of my writing that feels like someone else is reading it and doing the analysis on it. It’s such a cool thing. I love this loop a lot. It is really valuable I think. I mean I feel like my life has fundamentally changed in the last year. I have changed in the last year. A lot. Lol my voice has changed. My body has changed. My spirit has changed. And maybe it’s not that’s it’s changed. Maybe this was who I was meant to be the whole time. And I’ve just been coming into form. that’s a really good way to look at it. This version of me has always existed - I just had to seek it and find it. What a twist of a thought. And this is how I know I might be getting healthy or that I AM healthy…is when I have these moments where I have thougths and I immediatley turn them in on themselves to make the perspective different. Like live in the moment. and be able to type it out and record it happening as it’s happening. My cognitive level seems to be happening in real time. There’s just a whole lifetime of conditioning that I have that I’m trying to move away from. And it’s through writing. it’s through recovery. It’s through physical training. It’s through building meaning. It’s through God that I’m able to find a new way to live. And it feels incredible.

Grateful for God. Grateful for Love. Grateful for Recovery. Grateful for food in my belly, clean water to drink, and a shelter over my head. Grateful for this precious earth that I walk on and this clean, pure air that I breathe. Grateful for two God given legs and feet and two God given lungs to do that with. Grateful for work family: Kyle/Morgan/donny/justice/matt/Antonio/Luke/Brian/Dylan/vell/Tyler/Joe/jared/Scott/Sarah/kris/shelia/Madeline/Andrea. Grateful for blood family: mom/Tony/Johnny/lindsey/cam/milan/butch/vanielle/van/Danny/Daniel/Diana/susy/Henry/Ronald/Vincent/viola/Ashley/Michelle/quincie. Grateful for climbing family: Evan/tj/Sean/Henry/kale/karic/christian/colby/cory/dane/theressa/Elijah/Ethan/rhyan/Jordan/Adam/Daniel/Eric/erica/Steven/Ashley/bre/Jay/Paul/Chase/Aaron. Grateful for market family: chi/viv/Steven/carmen/cassie/johna/Danielle/joy/gavin/Allison/Hannah/Alan. Grateful for recovery family: arica/lane/Steven/adina/gene/daran/Doug/David/heather/terri/Joe/jasmine/katt/Roberto/trey/pam/tara/Paul. Grateful for this continued opportunity we call life. Grateful for today. THANK YOU GOD AMEN!!!
